                         Usability Study


Introduction:
-------------

For this assignment you'll be asked to do a simple
performance tuning task.  There is no time constraint to "correctly"
complete this task.

Please try to "think aloud" as you work through the scenario.   
It will help us understand where our problems are.

Your task is to take a simple program (fred_calls_ted) and, by
using the Open/Speedshop tool, determine which routine(s) are
taking the most time.    The program, fred_calls_ted, is
provided in the current directory.



Remember:  You are not being tested.    The User Interface and it's
ease of use, is being analyzed.   Your initial feedback and thoughts as you 
navigate through this set of tasks will enable us to see our problem
areas.

Enjoy.


Step 1:
  Type the following command at the prompt:
    $ make 

  This should have made the test case 'fred_calls_ted'.   It's a
  very simple 'c' example that has a few straight forward function
  calls and a few variables.


Step 2:
  Run the executable 'fred_calls_ted'.

  Type:
    $ fred_calls_ted
    $


Step 3:
  The Open/Speedshop performance tool is 'openss'.    'man openss' gives you
  the typical 'man' description of the command.


Step 4:
  Launch the Open/Speedshop command so you can run performance debugging
  on the executable named 'fred_calls_ted'.


Step 5: 
  Determine which performance experiment will show you where the application
  is spending it's time.   


Step 6:
  Using the experiment you determined (in Step 5) gather the performance
  date for it on the application 'fred_calls_ted'.


Step 7:
  Once the application has run to completion, find which routine took the
  most time.   

  Which routine took the most time?

  Which routine took the second most time?

Step 8:
  The application's Source Panel may have been covered up by the default view.
  If it is, attempt to make both the Source Panel and the Top Panel visible
  on screen at the same time.


Step 9:
  Position the source at the routine that took the most time.


Step 10:
  Position the source at the routine that took the second most time.


Step 11:
  Display line numbers in the Source Panel.


Step 12:
  Save the experment's report to a file for later viewing.


Step 13:
  Exit the Open/Speedshop tool.
