                         Usability Study


Introduction:
-------------

For this assignment you'll be asked to do a few common
performance tuning tasks.  There are no time constraint, nor should you
feel there are any.   Please try to "think out loud" as you
work through these problems.   It will greatly help us understand
where our problems are.


Your task is to take the simple program (fred_calls_ted) in this
directory and determine which routine(s) are taking the most time.


Remember:  You are not being tested here.    The User Interface strategy
is being analyzed.   Your initial feedback and thoughts as you 
navigate through this set of tasks will enable us to see our problem
areas.

Enjoy.


Step 1:
  Type the following command at the prompt:
    $ make 

  This should have made the test case 'fred_calls_ted'.   It's a
  very simple 'c' example that has a few straight forward function
  calls and a few variables.


Step 2:
  Run the executable 'fred_calls_ted'.

  Type:
    $ fred_calls_ted
    $


Step 3:
  The Open/Speedshop performance tool is 'openss'.    'man openss' gives you
  the typical man description of the command.


Step 4:
  Launch the Open/Speedshop command so you can run performance debugging
  on the executable named 'fred_calls_ted'.


Step 5: 
  Determine which performance experiment will show you where the application
  is spending most of it's time.


Step 6:
  Using the experiment you determined (in Step 5) gather the performance
  date for it on the application 'fred_calls_ted'.


Step 7:
  Once the application has run to completion, find which routine took the
  most time.   

  Which routine took the most time?

  Which routine too the second most time?

Step 8:
  The applications source may have been covered up by the default report.
  If it is, attempt to make both the Source Panel and the Top Panel visible
  on screen at the same time.


Step 9:
  Position the source at the routine that took the most time.


Step 10:
  Position the source at the routine that took the second most time.


Step 11:
  Display line numbers in the Source Panel.



Step 12:
  Save this report to a file for later viewing.



Step 13:
  Exit the Open/Speedshop tool.
